---
layout: page
title: "Plotting"
category: analysis
date: 2017-03-06 10:10:33
order: 4
tags:
- Analysis
---

## **This was started on March 7, 2017 and is NOT FINISHED**

### This is an overview. Please see the main [Plot Panel][plot-panel], [Stack Plot][stack-plot], and [Map Plot][map-plot].

Map Manager plots values for each 3D annotation. Plots can be made from a [stack][stack], a [map][time-series], and a pool of maps. These plots are very powerful because they are linked to the raw data. If a plot point looks suspicious, one can always return to the raw image data. Finally, these plots are powerful as they are publication ready.


### Plotting from a single stack

For a single stack, open the [Point List][point-list] window. Use the 'Plot' button to make Y vs X plots for values from the stack. Each point plotted is for a single 3D object (e.g. a spine). Right click on column row in the table and select 'Set X Stat' or 'Set Y Stat' to use the values in the column for plotting.


### Plotting from a map

Use the 'Plot' tab in the main [time-series][time-series] window. There are default plots provided here including 'Spine Length' as well as intensity measures such as:

  - Spine Sum: sSum
  - Spine Background Sum: sbSum
  - Background Subtracted Spine Sum: bssSum
  - Dendrite Sum: dSum
  - Dendrite Background Sum: dbSum
  - Background Subtracted Dendrite Sum: bsdSum


### Advanced plotting with the [Plot Panel][plot-panel]

Open the main [plot panel][plot-panel] from the main [time-series][time-series] window using the 'Plot' button.

The general idea is to select a Y value from the list, a corresponding X value and make a plot. All plots will show the values for individual 3D annotations (one annotation per point in the plot). There are two types of plots

  1. Spine Plot Map - To plot a Y value versus an X map value such as days or hours. **Add example**
  2. Session Plot (Map) - To plot values from 2 different sessions/timepoints. Use this to see how objects change from one time-point to the next. **Add example**


### Plotting a map pool

A map pool will make one plot holding data from a number of maps. There are two types of map pools, just like there are two types of plots.

 1. Time-series pool - Map Pool (Time-Series)
 2. Session pool - Map Pool(Sessions)

The interface to creating a map pool from a number of open maps is in the [Plot Panel][plot-panel].

### Plot Window Interface

Once a plot is made from a stack or a map, Map Manager provides a unified interface.

- To get back to the raw [stack][stack]. Select a point, right-click and choose a menu option.
  - Plot Stack
  - Plot Spine
  - Plot Run +/- 1
  - Plot Run +/- All
  - Plot Run +/- n
- For spines, show only spines on a single dendrite or all dendrites. Do this by setting 'Map Segment ID' and/or the 'All Segments' checkbox.
- Generate tables of numbers and statistics. Use the 'Stats' button. These can easily be copied and pasted into other analysis software.
- Click and drag to visually select subsets of objects. There are three different selections, turn each one on with the 1/2/3 radio buttons. Once created, the 'Stats' button will include the statistics for these manual selections in the output table.

### Group Plots

Group plots allow you to plot the mean for a spine across a number of sessions.

  1. Specify session conditions for a map in main time-series window.
  2. Specify a list of conditions to plot in main plot panel 'Session Conditions'. This is a semicolon separated list and accepts '*' as a wildcard. For example 'a*;b*;c*'
  3. Plot the group plot with the 'Group Plot' button in the main plot panel
    
[stack]: stack
[reports]: reports
[intensity]: intensity
[point-list]: point-list
[time-series]: time-series-panel
[plot-panel]: plot-panel
[stack-plot]: stack-plot
[map-plot]: map-plot
